SLO Tags [GA = w/e June 9] (#2275)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-05-19-slo.md

---
title: May 19, 2023 (Reliability Management)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - reliability management
  - slo
  - observability
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> New - We've added the ability to tag your Service Level Objectives (SLOs), allowing for easier filtering and sorting. This is a great way to associate SLOs with variables such as environment, application, and region.

Author: ```suggestion
New - We've added the ability to tag your Service Level Objectives (SLOs), allowing for easier filtering. This is a great way to associate SLOs with variables such as environment, application, and region.
```

> New - We've added the ability to tag your Service Level Objectives (SLOs), allowing for easier filtering and sorting. This is a great way to associate SLOs with variables such as environment, application, and region.

Author: ```suggestion
New - We've added the ability to tag your Service Level Objectives (SLOs), allowing for easier filtering. This is a great way to associate SLOs with variables such as service, application, and team.
```
